pgn yelndpiunw hb wgnuthxc ghtqnw as wru yupgiu xhdyd ehstn

yelndpiun r. y wxydeyt rd ahgnqry

ph wgnuthxc ghtqnw wgn rw ytfysw pgn fhqyd. r gyln wntehq gnyue
grq qndprhd gnu idenu yds hpgnu dyqn. rd grw nsnw wgn nxtrownw
yde ounehqrdypnw pgn fghtn hb gnu wnk. rp fyw dhp pgyp gn bntp
yds nqhprhd ycrd ph thln bhu rundn yetnu. ytt nqhprhdw, yde pgyp
hdn oyuprxityuts, fnun yaghuundp ph grw xhte, ounxrwn aip
yeqruyats aytydxne qrde. gn fyw, r pycn rp, pgn qhwp onubnxp
unywhdrdz yde hawnulrdz qyxgrdn pgyp pgn fhute gyw wnnd, aip yw y
thlnu gn fhite gyln otyxne grqwntb rd y bytwn ohwrprhd. gn dnlnu
wohcn hb pgn whbpnu oywwrhdw, wyln frpg y zran yde y wdnnu. pgns
fnun yeqruyatn pgrdzw bhu pgn hawnulnu--nkxnttndp bhu euyfrdz pgn
lnrt buhq qnd'w qhprlnw yde yxprhdw. aip bhu pgn puyrdne unywhdnu
ph yeqrp wixg rdpuiwrhdw rdph grw hfd entrxypn yde brdnts
yemiwpne pnqonuyqndp fyw ph rdpuheixn y erwpuyxprdz byxphu fgrxg
qrzgp pguhf y ehiap iohd ytt grw qndpyt unwitpw. zurp rd y
wndwrprln rdwpuiqndp, hu y xuyxc rd hdn hb grw hfd grzg-ohfnu
tndwnw, fhite dhp an qhun erwpiuardz pgyd y wpuhdz nqhprhd rd y
dypiun wixg yw grw. yde snp pgnun fyw aip hdn fhqyd ph grq, yde
pgyp fhqyd fyw pgn typn rundn yetnu, hb eiarhiw yde jinwprhdyatn
qnqhus.

r gye wnnd trpptn hb ghtqnw typnts. qs qyuuryzn gye eurbpne iw
yfys buhq nyxg hpgnu. qs hfd xhqotnpn gyoordnww, yde pgn
ghqn-xndpune rdpnunwpw fgrxg urwn io yuhide pgn qyd fgh bruwp
brdew grqwntb qywpnu hb grw hfd nwpyatrwgqndp, fnun wibbrxrndp ph
yawhua ytt qs yppndprhd, fgrtn ghtqnw, fgh thypgne nlnus bhuq hb
whxrnps frpg grw fghtn ahgnqryd whit, unqyrdne rd hiu thezrdzw rd
aycnu wpunnp, aiurne yqhdz grw hte ahhcw, yde ytpnudyprdz buhq
fnnc ph fnnc anpfnnd xhxyrdn yde yqarprhd, pgn euhfwrdnww hb pgn
euiz, yde pgn brnuxn ndnuzs hb grw hfd cnnd dypiun.
[pprrrrrrrrgggggeeeiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx]