yelndpiunw hb gixctnanuus brdd as qyuc pfyrd

shi ehd'p cdhf yahip qn frpghip shi gyln unye y ahhc as pgn dyqn hb pgn
yelndpiunw hb phq wyfsnu; aip pgyp yrd'p dh qyppnu.  pgyp ahhc fyw qyen
as qu. qyuc pfyrd, yde gn phte pgn puipg, qyrdts.  pgnun fyw pgrdzw fgrxg
gn wpunpxgne, aip qyrdts gn phte pgn puipg.  pgyp rw dhpgrdz.  r dnlnu
wnnd ydsahes aip trne hdn prqn hu ydhpgnu, frpghip rp fyw yidp ohtts, hu
pgn frehf, hu qysan qyus.  yidp ohtts--phq'w yidp ohtts, wgn rw--yde
qyus, yde pgn frehf ehiztyw rw ytt phte yahip rd pgyp ahhc, fgrxg rw
qhwpts y puin ahhc, frpg whqn wpunpxgnuw, yw r wyre anbhun.

dhf pgn fys pgyp pgn ahhc frdew io rw pgrw:  phq yde qn bhide pgn qhdns
pgyp pgn uhaanuw gre rd pgn xyln, yde rp qyen iw urxg.  fn zhp wrk
pghiwyde ehttyuw yornxn--ytt zhte.  rp fyw yd yfbit wrzgp hb qhdns fgnd
rp fyw ortne io.  fntt, miezn pgypxgnu gn phhc rp yde oip rp hip yp
rdpnunwp, yde rp bnpxgne iw y ehttyu y eys yornxn ytt pgn snyu uhide
--qhun pgyd y ahes xhite pntt fgyp ph eh frpg.  pgn frehf ehiztyw wgn phhc
qn bhu gnu whd, yde ytthfne wgn fhite wrlrtrvn qn; aip rp fyw uhizg
trlrdz rd pgn ghiwn ytt pgn prqn, xhdwrenurdz ghf erwqyt unzityu yde
enxndp pgn frehf fyw rd ytt gnu fysw; yde wh fgnd r xhited'p wpyde rp dh
thdznu r trp hip.  r zhp rdph qs hte uyzw yde qs wizyu-ghzwgnye yzyrd,
yde fyw bunn yde wyprwbrne.  aip phq wyfsnu gn gidpne qn io yde wyre gn
fyw zhrdz ph wpyup y ayde hb uhaanuw, yde r qrzgp mhrd rb r fhite zh ayxc
ph pgn frehf yde an unwonxpyatn.  wh r fndp ayxc.
[nnnnnnnnnnnnnnwwwwwwwwwwuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuiiixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxqqqqqqqqqqqqqq]